README.md, before:

# MKID Detect

Inspired by [emccd_detect](https://github.com/roman-corgi/emccd_detect/tree/master/emccd_detect)
and the [MKID Pipeline](https://github.com/roman-corgi/emccd_detect/tree/master/emccd_detect),
for a given input flux map mkid_detect will return either an image or a simulated MKID photon list 
saved to an HDF5 file.

MKID data by nature can be quite memory intensive so caution should be taken to ensure memory
issues are not encountered.
## Installation

mkid_detect is available on the [PyPI repository](https://pypi.org/project/mkid-detect/) and can be installed by running: 

`pip install mkid_detect`

## The MKIDDetect Class
There are two main ways to interact with MKIDDetect: The `sim_output` function and the `sim_output_image`
function. 

### `sim_output` 
will generate time and wavelength tagged photon lists similar to the outputs of 
an actual MKID detector. 

### `sim_output_image` 
Will output a single integrated image which, by
nature, marginalizes over all the timing information available to MKIDs but is much less time and 
memory intensive if just an image is desired.



##

Commit message:

update install instructions in README.md

README.md, after:

# MKID Detect

Inspired by [emccd_detect](https://github.com/roman-corgi/emccd_detect/tree/master/emccd_detect)
and the [MKID Pipeline](https://github.com/roman-corgi/emccd_detect/tree/master/emccd_detect),
for a given input flux map mkid_detect will return either an image or a simulated MKID photon list 
saved to an HDF5 file.

MKID data by nature can be quite memory intensive so caution should be taken to ensure memory
issues are not encountered.
## Installation

### PyPI
mkid_detect is available on the [PyPI repository](https://pypi.org/project/mkid-detect/) and can be installed by running: 

`pip install mkid_detect`

### GitHub

Start by cloning the repository:

`git clone git@github.com:steigersg/mkid_detect.git`

Then run

` pip install .`

If you would like to edit or modify the package use the `-e` flag as: 

`pip install -e .`

## The MKIDDetect Class
There are two main ways to interact with MKIDDetect: The `sim_output` function and the `sim_output_image`
function. 

### `sim_output` 
will generate time and wavelength tagged photon lists similar to the outputs of 
an actual MKID detector. 

### `sim_output_image` 
Will output a single integrated image which, by
nature, marginalizes over all the timing information available to MKIDs but is much less time and 
memory intensive if just an image is desired.



##
